vagrant-provisioning/README.md, before:

## Provisioning the Kubernetes cluster
### Clone the repo
```
$ git clone https://github.com/justmeandopensource/kubernetes
$ cd kubernetes/vagrant-provisioning
```
### Bring up the cluster
For VirtualBox environment
```
$ vagrant up
```
For KVM/Libvirt environment
```
$ vagrant up --provider libvirt
```
### Copy the kubeconfig file from kmaster
Password for root user is _kubeadmin_
```
$ mkdir ~/.kube
$ scp root@172.16.16.100:/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf ~/.kube/config
```
### Destroy the cluster
```
$ vagrant destroy -f
```

## Deploying Add Ons
### Deploy dynamic nfs volume provisioning
```
$ cd kubernetes/vagrant-provisioning/misc/nfs-subdir-external-provisioner
$ cat setup_nfs | vagrant ssh kmaster
$ cat setup_nfs | vagrant ssh kworker1
$ cat setup_nfs | vagrant ssh kworker2
$ kubectl create -f 01-setup-nfs-provisioner.yaml

###### for testing
$ kubectl create -f 02-test-claim.yaml
$ kubectl delete -f 02-test-claim.yaml
```
### Deploy metalLB load balancing
```
$ cd kubernetes/vagrant-provisioning/misc/metallb
$ kubectl create -f 01_metallb.yaml

###### wait for 10 seconds or so for the pods to run
$ kubectl create -f 02_metallb-config.yaml

###### for testing
$ kubectl create -f 03_test-load-balancer.yaml
$ kubectl delete -f 03_test-load-balancer.yaml
```

Commit message:

rollback ubuntu version ,because of some bug on openssl.
Signed-off-by: Andrewmatilde <davis6813585853062@outlook.com>

vagrant-provisioning/README.md, after:

## Warning the original ubuntu version have some bug with openssl, so I have to change the ubuntu version to 20.10

## Provisioning the Kubernetes cluster
### Clone the repo
```
$ git clone https://github.com/justmeandopensource/kubernetes
$ cd kubernetes/vagrant-provisioning
```
### Bring up the cluster
For VirtualBox environment
```
$ vagrant up
```
For KVM/Libvirt environment
```
$ vagrant up --provider libvirt
```
### Copy the kubeconfig file from kmaster
Password for root user is _kubeadmin_
```
$ mkdir ~/.kube
$ scp root@172.16.16.100:/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf ~/.kube/config
```
### Destroy the cluster
```
$ vagrant destroy -f
```

## Deploying Add Ons
### Deploy dynamic nfs volume provisioning
```
$ cd kubernetes/vagrant-provisioning/misc/nfs-subdir-external-provisioner
$ cat setup_nfs | vagrant ssh kmaster
$ cat setup_nfs | vagrant ssh kworker1
$ cat setup_nfs | vagrant ssh kworker2
$ kubectl create -f 01-setup-nfs-provisioner.yaml

###### for testing
$ kubectl create -f 02-test-claim.yaml
$ kubectl delete -f 02-test-claim.yaml
```
### Deploy metalLB load balancing
```
$ cd kubernetes/vagrant-provisioning/misc/metallb
$ kubectl create -f 01_metallb.yaml

###### wait for 10 seconds or so for the pods to run
$ kubectl create -f 02_metallb-config.yaml

###### for testing
$ kubectl create -f 03_test-load-balancer.yaml
$ kubectl delete -f 03_test-load-balancer.yaml
```
